Assignment #2: Sentiment Analysis
Total Score: 130
This assignment can be completed individually or by a team of up to three members.
Due Date: See the course page

Objectives
Build sentiment analysis models and apply them to financial news to estimate the impact of news on stock prices.

Datasets
Two financial news datasets collected between 2009–2020 by publishers are provided:

- analyst_ratings.csv – Headlines collected by Publisher A, which may include price targets estimated by professional analysts through complex modeling to estimate the current intrinsic value of the company.
- headlines.csv – Headlines collected by Publisher B, without price target information.

Schema
Both datasets follow a similar schema:

analyst_ratings(id, headline, URL, publisher, date, symbol)
- id: row number
- headline: headline news that may include the target price (not all headlines indicate the target price)
- URL: the URL of the headline
- publisher: news publisher
- date: published date and time
- symbol: stock symbol representing the company

headlines(id, headline, URL, publisher, date, symbol)

Problem Context
Stock prices fluctuate daily due to company developments, sector trends, market sentiment, and unpredictable external factors. Since a company’s intrinsic value is unknown, predicting stock price movements is extremely challenging.

In this assignment, you will develop sentiment analysis models that estimate the potential impact of financial news on future stock prices and write a brief analysis report on the results.

Organization of Program Files and Directories
The required files and directory structure are provided in Assignment_2.zip.

Before getting started, review the helper functions and test files:
util.py, webscraping.py, webscraping_headless_parsing.py, dataset_schema.py, test_dataset_schema.py

Each file is currently blank and must be completed by you. Do not rename or rearrange directories or files.

Example execution:
python 2_trading_sim_eval.py
should run without extra parameters.

